[FEATURE] Alignment Configuration: Replace using_score_type tag for align_cfg::output with align_cfg::score_type (#2035)
seqan/seqan3: doc/tutorial/pairwise_alignment/index.md

The edit distance can be further refined using seqan3::align_cfg::aligned_ends to also compute a semi-global alignment
and the seqan3::align_cfg::min_score configuration to fix an edit score (a limit of the allowed number of edits). If the
respective alignment could not find a solution within the given error bound, the resulting score is infinity

> (corresponds to std::numeric_limits::max). Also the alignment and the front and back coordinates can be computed using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(corresponds to std::numeric_limits::max). Also the alignment and the begin and end positions of the alignment can be computed using a
```
